Wait, wait.
I'll open it now.
Come here.
What are you doing?
I'm going to steal it.
What if it's next to you?
What are you going to do?
Where are you going?
I'm going to steal it.
I heard you.
I'm going to the pond.
It's a boat.
Come here.
You don't need to hide.
How did you know?
YouMusic
I've never seen anything like this.
With an valuable shell.
It's just a port.
I saw it.
How is it?
I have been trying long times to find it.
Then the sun came in.
When the sun went in,
it got stuck in the floor and fell to the ground again .
You Kat?
Who told you such a nice Yaiba.
Oh, my, the answer?
The old lady?
Do I have to answer?
She's asleep!
My clue?
He's asleep!
I'll Curl your hair.
What have I got to do?
Who has to do this?
Nothing in life?
The old lady's pissed at me.
What have I done?
I'll 조ign.
That's the truth.
Come let us in.
Can you see...
...they maintain a good relationship.
Do not make that happen to anybody anymore.
You will merciful in your prayer.
Take care that you receive everything in price and equipment.
Then I
will see you off there at once.
Don't be shy, Hetsui.
Don't tell him ahm for the sake of buying equipment.
This is crazy.
Tell him the date I blame you for at one of the trains.
You can sing it louder.
Yosu-san, yoyoyo, yoto-san, yoyasu-san.
I see.
You can sing it louder.
You're a tough guy.
I can't talk.
You have to sing it.
I'll sing it.
Eh?
Yoto-san,
yoto-san, yoto-san, Oh my God.
You have to sing it even louder.
Like a horror sound.
You have to sing it louder.
Choose your voice.
A hai- hot- la好好.
Ha-hadouken YOU.
Wait a second.
G이라 MOO!
GeringerIOUS.
Your voice is like a tua-moo ...
Coughinghaus!
Wow, that is now Y고요aa credo presented.
You have it all.
The sound of Yoyo.
Battam pura-iko-a.
I-I'm footad sweeties.
Beschima- statesmen,
You can obey me.
I've acting a bit bad in train.
Good, huh?
I'm looking forward to it.
I don't want to talk. Stop it!
Hey, you!
You're a good boy!